= backstack

This is in extreme beta.  The docs are not yet written and will
probably be supplimented with an illustrated blog posting.

Backstack is a gem plugin (currently just rails) that dynamically and
intelligently generates a "back" link, or breadcrumb trail.  Sounds so
simple, why wouldn't it be?

To get a quick idea of what it does, goes to the test/rails_root
directory and 'rails server'

The plugin guts are in:
https://github.com/kswope/backstack/blob/master/lib/backstack.rb and
https://github.com/kswope/backstack/blob/master/lib/backstacklib.rb

Non-plugin  tests are in:
https://github.com/kswope/backstack/blob/master/test/neutral/test_backstacklib.rb

Most rails tests are in:
https://github.com/kswope/backstack/blob/master/test/rails_root/test/integration/backstack_test.rb


== Contributing to backstack
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Kevin Swope. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

